[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the razor
blade that's been updated with the GTX
1060 if you're actually interested in
purchasing one I would highly recommend
watching my original video that's like a
full review this is more of an addendum
where I talk about some of the new
features as well as some long-term
thoughts about the razor blade so first
right now a lot of companies do light up
keyboards some of them with zone
lighting some of them with individually
lit keys but razor does it the best it
looks the cleanest the colors the most
vibrant I still don't think you should
buy a laptop just for cool keyboard
lighting but if that's your thing this
is my favorite one the other thing is
the screen this is the new 10 DP screen
option and I really like it now if
you're a high res content creator or a
touchscreen addict sure go for the quad
HD screen but if the main reason you're
getting a razor blade is for gaming I
would strongly consider the 1080p screen
it'll save you a bit of money your games
will run awesome at 1080p and honestly
unless your pixel peeping you can't tell
the difference when you're in the middle
of a game it's bright its color accurate
it has a matte finish and you'll get
better battery life it's a really nice
screen in terms of a review everything
from the 970m version still holds true
it has amazing build quality good
keyboard and trackpad and decent
speakers I still recommend getting a
skin for the top and bottom to protect
the finish the matte black skin from D
brand looks awesome so the big
difference is the GTX 1060 that's
replacing the 970m on the outgoing model
it's a really good card but I've
benchmarked it a lot I've even made a
gaming montage I'll link that below but
the short of it is this this GPU is boss
for 1080p gaming almost everything runs
at 60 frames per second or higher even
on ultra graphics doom will comfortably
get around 85 frames per second
battlefield 1 clocks in around 80 frames
per second this game has such incredible
looking graphics but the card still
pushes out crazy good frame rates on
ultra 1080p Far Cry primal stresses the
card a bit you'll be able to go above 60
once in a while but you'll average 55
frames per second on Ultra 1080p and of
course you can connect it to a razor
core for a future
external graphics upgrades the fan noise
is unchanged it's quiet on idle but it's
loud under load quiet mode helps a bit
but it's still pretty audible the thing
that was most curious about was thermals
I was worried there would be throttling
issues the heat mapping is similar to
the 970m model but I'm seeing less
thermal throttling one thing I noticed
is that the GTX 1060 runs cooler the GPU
temperature is on the 970 m model we're
around 84 or 85 degrees this time I'm
seeing it closer to 80 and just for
kicks
I ran the stress test on the blade on a
neoprene mousepad to try to get it to
heat up and it's slightly warmer but
there's still no heavy throttling so I
wouldn't be too worried about thermal
issues battery life remains the same I
still get around five and a half hours
of battery life with normal use on the
1080p screen and this is with the screen
at around 250 nits okay the razor blade
starts at $1,800 which isn't cheap there
are other laptops out there with a
similar kind of performance and even
form-factor for a little bit less like
the ARS x5 s the gigabyte p55 the msi
gs70 3 there are other options out there
but with the razor blade you're getting
obviously great performance but you're
also getting the ridiculous summer of
engineering hours it took to shrink this
thing down into a package like this and
to build it with this kind of build
quality that kind of stuff isn't cheap
and it certainly isn't easy because if
it was everybody would be selling razor
blades but they're not is it worth it it
really depends on your budget but more
importantly whether or not you value
build quality I mean personally I do so
I think it is worth the extra two or
three hundred dollars but it's really up
to you that's the end of this video hope
you guys liked it thumbs have you liked
it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time